show how to make the output in the Jinja2 example responsive (#5590)
plotly/plotly.py: doc/python/interactive-html-export.md

### Inserting Plotly Output into HTML using a Jinja2 Template

> You can insert Plotly output and text related to your data into HTML templates using Jinja2. Use `.to_html` to send the HTML to a Python string variable rather than using `write_html` which sends the HTML to a disk file.  Use the `full_html=False` option to output just the code necessary for a component of a larger webpage.  The Jinja template will provide the page's `HTML` and `BODY` tags.  First create an HTML template file containing a Jinja variable, `{{ fig }}`.  The Python takes the template file, replaces the Jinja variable `{{ fig }}` with our graphic `fig`, and saves the resulting complete HTML.  The first Python example produces a webpage with a fixed height graph; a second example program shows the additional steps to specify the height of the graphic as a percentage of the height of the browser window.

Reviewer: I'd like to use my original suggestion here to keep the language simple.

```suggestion
You can insert Plotly output and text related to your data into HTML templates using Jinja2. Use `.to_html` to send the HTML to a Python string variable rather than using `write_html` to send the HTML to a disk file.  Use the `full_html=False` option to output just the code necessary to add a figure to a template. We do not want to output a full HTML page, as the template will define the rest of the page's structure — for example, the page's `HTML` and `BODY` tags.  First create a template file containing HTML and a Jinja variable, `{{ fig }}`.  We use Python to replace the Jinja variable with our graphic `fig`.
```

> You can insert Plotly output and text related to your data into HTML templates using Jinja2. Use `.to_html` to send the HTML to a Python string variable rather than using `write_html` to send the HTML to a disk file.  Use the `full_html=False` option to output just the code necessary to add a figure to a template. We do not want to output a full HTML page, as the Jinja template will define the rest of the page's structure — for example, the page's `HTML` and `BODY` tags.  First create an HTML template file containing a Jinja variable, `{{ fig }}`.  We use Python to generate HTML that is the  template file with the Jinja variable `{{ fig }}` replaced with our graphic `fig`.  The Python shows the steps to specify the height of the graphic as a percentage of the height of the browser window and provides a much simpler option if you are comfortable with a fixed height figure.

Reviewer: I think we should make it clear that that the "Jinja template" and the "HTML template" are the same thing. Per my suggestion below, I think the description of the example that you're adding should appear above that example, so I removed it here.
```suggestion
You can insert Plotly output and text related to your data into HTML templates using Jinja2. Use `.to_html` to send the HTML to a Python string variable rather than using `write_html` to send the HTML to a disk file.  Use the `full_html=False` option to output just the code necessary to add a figure to a template. We do not want to output a full HTML page, as the template will define the rest of the page's structure — for example, the page's `HTML` and `BODY` tags.  First create a template file containing HTML and a Jinja variable, `{{ fig }}`.  We use Python to replace the Jinja variable with our graphic `fig`.
```

Author: Good points.  I hope the revised formulation addresses them.

output_html_path=r"/path/to/output.html"
input_template_path = r"/path/to/template.html"

# code block to set the vertical height as a percentage of the window height
# if you are comfortable with a fixed height graph, substitute
#     plotly_jinja_data = {"fig":fig.to_html(full_html=False)}
# for all the code up to the end of the responsive Plotly figure HTML Jinja dictionary population block

# we defer to the HTML and window size for the height by setting autosize to True,  height to None and responsive to True
fig.update_layout(autosize=True, height=None, )
fig_html = fig.to_html(full_html=False, config=dict(responsive=True))
#consider also defining the include_plotlyjs parameter to point to an external Plotly.js as described above

vertical_height_as_pct_window = 80
fig_html_with_vertical_height = f'<div style="height: {vertical_height_as_pct_window}vh;">'+fig_html.replace("<div>","", 1)
plotly_jinja_data = {"fig":fig_html_with_vertical_height}

> # end of responsive Plotly figure HTML Jinja dictionary population block

Reviewer: I think it would make more sense to add your code as a separate example. I'd like to keep the initial example simple. Could you please add a new example in this section with your code and provide a description above it?

Author: Good suggestion.  Done

plotly_jinja_data = {"fig":fig.to_html(full_html=False)}
#consider also defining the include_plotlyjs parameter to point to an external Plotly.js as described above

with open(output_html_path, "w", encoding="utf-8") as output_file:
    with open(input_template_path) as template_file:
        j2_template = Template(template_file.read())
        output_file.write(j2_template.render(plotly_jinja_data))
```

> The next example allows the size of your graphs to change depending on the screen resolution and window size.  It replaces the `plotly_jinja_data = {"fig":fig.to_html(full_html=False)}` line with a code block that sets autosize to True,  height to None and responsive to True.  It replaces the `<div>` at the beginning of the to_html output with a new div that specifies the desired height as a percentage of the window height.  It uses the same Jinja template (above) as the prior example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The height of the figure can be made responsive by setting `autosize` to `True` and  `height` to `None` in the layout, and `responsive` to `True` in the config.
```

```python
import plotly.express as px
from jinja2 import Template

data_canada = px.data.gapminder().query("country == 'Canada'")
fig = px.bar(data_canada, x='year', y='pop')

output_html_path=r"/path/to/output.html"
input_template_path = r"/path/to/template.html"

# set the vertical height as a percentage of the window height by setting autosize to True,  height to None and responsive to True
fig.update_layout(autosize=True, height=None, )
fig_html = fig.to_html(full_html=False, config=dict(responsive=True))
#consider also defining the include_plotlyjs parameter to point to an external Plotly.js as described above

vertical_height_as_pct_window = 80
fig_html_with_vertical_height = f'<div style="height: {vertical_height_as_pct_window}vh;">'+fig_html.replace("<div>","", 1)
plotly_jinja_data = {"fig":fig_html_with_vertical_height}
# end of responsive Plotly figure HTML Jinja dictionary population block

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fig.update_layout(autosize=True, height=None)
fig_html = fig.to_html(
    config={"responsive": True},
    default_height="80vh",
    full_html=False,
)
plotly_jinja_data = {"fig": fig_html}
```
